Use Case 1
Use Case Name: Add a condition
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a condition with a title, date, and description.
Trigger: The patient presses the ‘Track New Condition’ button
Precondition: The patient has to be logged in with an established user profile, and the patient has to have a condition.
Postcondition: A condition has been created and stored in the app.


Basic Flow:
1. System generates a new condition with the current date.
2. System prompts the patient for a title and description.
3. The patient enters the title and the description into the appropriate fields.
4. The patient hits “Submit”.
5. The system records the inputted title and description.
6. The system displays the list of problems.


Exceptions:
4.1: The user enters a title greater than 30 characters or 0 characters, or a description with greater than 300 characters or 0 characters.
4.2: The system displays an error message
4.3: Loop back to step 2.


Use Case 2
Use Case Name: Add a record
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a record for a condition.
Trigger: The patient presses the “Add New Record” button
Precondition: A condition has been logged in the system, and the patient is logged onto the system.
Postcondition: A record is archived within the condition history.


Basic Flow:
1. System generates a new record for the condition with the current date.
2. System displays the entry fields for title and comment, and buttons for geo-location, body-location, and photograph uploading. 
3. The patient can enter the title and the description into the appropriate fields, or press the buttons to upload a geo-location, body-location, and photograph. 
4. The patient hits “Submit”
5. The system logs the new record.
6. The system displays the list of records.




Exceptions:
Covered under the specific use cases that follow.






Use Case 2.1
Use Case Name: Add a geo-location to a record
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a geo-location to a record.
Trigger: The patient presses the “Specify geo-location” button
Precondition: A record has been logged for a condition, and the patient is logged onto the system. 
Postcondition: The geo-location is appended to the record.


Basic Flow:
1. The system displays a map centered around the patient’s current location.
2. The patient is prompted to accept the location or edit the location by dropping a pin elsewhere on the map.
3. The new geo-location is appended to the record of the condition.
4. The system displays the newly modified record.


Exceptions:
1.1: The system is unable to determine the patient’s current location.
1.2: The system would inform the patient that it cannot find the patient’s current location, and prompt the patient to specify a location in the known current city.
1.3: The patient specifies a location by dropping a pin on the map of the current city.
1.4: Return to 4.


Use Case 2.2
Use Case Name: Add a body-location to a record
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a body-location to a record.
Trigger: The patient presses the “Specify body-location” button
Precondition: A record has been logged for a condition, and the patient is logged onto the system. 
Postcondition: The body-location is appended to the record.


Basic Flow:
1. The system first displays a map of the front profile of the human body followed by a map of the back profile of the human body, according to the gender specified by the user profile.
2. The patient is prompted to select the appropriate location on the map.
3. The system records the location and appends it to the record.
4. The system displays the newly modified record.


Exceptions:
There should not be any notable exceptions for this use case.


Use Case 2.3
Use Case Name: Add a photo to a record
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a photo to a record.
Trigger: The patient presses the “Add a photo” button
Precondition: A record has been logged for a condition, and the patient is logged onto the system. 
Postcondition: The photo is appended to the record.


Basic Flow:
1. The system displays a pop-up with two options: A) “Take a photo”, or B) “Upload an Existing” photo.
2. The user selects an option.
3. The photo is appended to the record.
4. The systems displays the newly modified record.


Exceptions:
3.1: The photo size is greater than 65536 bytes.
3.2: The system displays an error message telling the user that the photo is too big.
3.3: Return to 1.  


1.1: There are already 10 photos for the record.
1.2: The system displays an error message telling the user that no more more photos can be appended. (Potentially the option of deleting a photo is provided.)
1.3: The returns to the record.


Use Case 2.3.1
Use Case Name: Take a photo
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Take a photo with the phone’s camera.
Trigger: The patient selects the “Take a photo” option
Precondition: A record has been logged for a condition, the patient wants to take a photo, and the patient is logged onto the system. 
Postcondition: The photo is captured by the system. 


Basic Flow:
1. The system opens the phone’s camera and notifies the user to take a photo.
2. The user takes a photo.
3. The system prompts the user to confirm the photo is acceptable.
4. The user presses “Yes”.
5. The system stores the photo.
6. The system displays a pop-up window with two options: “Take another photo” or “Finished”.
7. The user presses “Finished”.
8. The system displays the newly modified record.


Exceptions:
4.1: The user presses “No”
4.2: Return to 1.


7.1: The user presses “Take another photo”
7.2: Return to 1.


Use Case 2.3.2 
Use Case Name: Upload a photo
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Add a photo to a record.
Trigger: The patient presses the “Upload a photo” button
Precondition: A record has been logged for a condition, the patient has a pre-existing photo, and the patient is logged onto the system. 
Postcondition: The photo is appended to the record.










Basic Flow:
1. The system opens the phone’s photo gallery.
2. The user selects a photo from the gallery
3. The system prompts the user to confirm the selection.
4. The user presses “Confirm”.
5. The system displays the newly modified record.


Exceptions:
Particular exceptions are addressed in the following use cases.


Use Case 3
Use Case Name: View list of conditions
Participating Actors: Patient, Care provider
Goal: See all of the conditions for a given patient.
Trigger: A) A patient is selected by a care provider
          B) The patient logs in.
Precondition: The patient has a list of conditions that been stored and the user is logged on and has a profile.
Postcondition: The system displays  the list of conditions.


Basic Flow:
1. The system retrieves and displays the list of conditions for the patient.


Exceptions:
1.1: A patient has no existing conditions.
1.2: The systems displays a message saying “The patient has no existing conditions”


Use Case 4
Use Case Name: Edit Condition
Participating Actors: Patient
Goal: Edit the details of a selected condition.
Trigger: A condition is selected.
Precondition: There is an existing condition that can be modified.
Postcondition: The selected condition is modified.

